Here are some issues discussed during the AMO review of this addon.


# Use of innerHTML() to set the DOM content

ScrapBook X uses innerHTML to flush nearly static HTML contents to reduce the 
complexity of the codes and to gain a better formance. According to various 
performance test, it's generally faster to flush static HTML contents via 
innerHTML than via DOM operation.

Every passed value of innerHTML has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers that 
it's well sanitized and no script or user submitted contents are included.


# Use of createElement() with a variable as the first argument

ScrapBook X uses createElement with a variable only in the 
chrome/content/scrapbook/highlighter.js. It is to modularize the code 
structure and to reduce the complexity.

It has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers that every passed value is limited 
to a subset of "span" and "a".


# Use of setTimeout with a variable as the first argument

ScrapBook X uses a variable rather than a function(){} in cases that the 
function is shared and is used in multiple places.

It has been confirmed by the AMO reviewers that every passed variable is 
actually pointed to a particular function instead of a string, and never gets 
reset.


# Use of nsILocalFile.launch

ScrapBook X uses launch() only in chrome/content/scrapbook/scrapbook.js. It is 
to open a specific directory in the native file explorer so that users can 
easily view or edit their source files of the selected ScrapBook item. It is 
also used to open the file of a selected ScrapBook "file" typed item, which 
is under the user's fully consent.


# Use of nsIWebBrowserPersist

We know that nsIWebBrowserPersist is deprecated by Firefox and it's generally 
recommanded to be replaced with Downloads.jsm. However, Downloads.jsm only 
exists in newer Firefox versions so that with it we can no more support older 
Firefox versions. Additionally, Downloads.jsm works differently with 
nsIWebBrowserPersist, in that it doesn't support parrellel downloading, and 
the downloaded files cannot be hidden from the download manager.

Though we know there's a risk that the nsIWebBrowserPersist might be removed 
in the future versions of Firefox, we decided that the transition will not be 
done until Downloads.jsm has been revised to include the features as above 
mentioned, or until nsIWebBrowserPersist is eventually removed (which would be 
a torture as we have to largely modify many current working features and to 
break the downward compatibility for old Firefox versions).
